Annual Bonus 
FAQ - How does Conrad Labs calculate these bonuses?
Answer- Bonus is calculated based on many factors, including: 
a. The company's financial health and future forecast
b. Individual employee’s performance and salary (previous fiscal year)
c.The value added to the organisation by individuals in areas other than their primary job role

FAQ - How do I know that I will get a bonus?
Answer- Bonus calculations are generally done in December and announced in January. We try our best to give out bonuses each year and have not faced a situation where the company's health was not good enough not to warrant it. But, there could be a situation in the future where we are not in a healthy enough state to give bonuses.

FAQ - Who gets this bonus, and how?
Answer- An employee who has completed one year of employment with Conrad Labs at the time of bonus disbursement is eligible for the annual bonus. 
We try our best to give out bonuses each year and have not faced a situation where the company's health was not good enough not to warrant it. But, there could be a situation in the future where we are not in a healthy enough state to give bonuses. 
This bonus is prorated over an employee’s time spent in the fiscal year for which the bonus is being paid out.

FAQ - Why is the bonus not issued in June with the increment?
Answer- Bonus is generally announced in January, as the company books are closed in December, not in June. Until then, we do not have a complete picture of the company’s health. Hence bonus calculations are finalized in the last quarter.

FAQ - Can I negotiate my bonus?
Answer- No, these bonuses are non-negotiable. We calculate them based on an algorithm. Making exceptions will seriously affect the overall payout for the group.


Attendance
The purpose of the attendance policy is to create a productive work environment.
- Office Timings
The recommended team timings are 10am to 7pm, which includes time off for lunch and recreational activities.
Depending on the project and client needs, teams may choose a different start time with approval from the management.
Team leads and the management are responsible to ensure adherence to the team timings.

- Attendance in Meetings
Leads must always be available for daily stand-ups with clients. In case of absence they should identify someone from their team to lead the meeting.
For important meetings like client all-hands and major demos, all members of the team are advised to be present in the meetings for their own learning and to answer questions pertaining to their work.

- Work from Home
This policy is in place to facilitate the employee to work from home under special circumstances. 
A full-time employee with more than 1 year of service is eligible to request to work from home with approval from the lead or the management. Approval will be granted on a case to case basis keeping in view the productivity and needs of the team.
It is not at employee's discretion to decide when they want to work from home.
Working from home without prior approval will be considered as one PTO.


How to Review Employees?
Provide initial feedback, wait a few days, and then review the feedback provided.
Check for inconsistent language and if you can share the review verbatim with the reviewer.
See if someone far removed from the process, like Omer Saeed, can read the feedback and make sense of it.
Your review should have concrete examples and a path to improvement.
Any feedback that ends up in the review that has not been shared earlier with that peer is not very helpful, and, in most cases, it is unfair to penalize that individual for such feedback.
Do this slowly. Fill out the review form one at a time. Block your calendar for regular sessions
While reviewing someone, your communication skills will be tested and reflected upon your skills.

Meals benefit
The company provides a facility for free lunch during working days for all employees. To minimize wastage, employees must inform the Admin Department in advance if they plan to skip the company-provided meal.